hello which memory do you wish to access
today
no problem just walk through that door
please
the memory you're seeing right now is
from october 4th
2043. that's 40 years ago from today
it's a lovely day outside
the sun is shining and there are
children running in the park
you can hear loud barks from dogs
playing with their owners
the leaves on the trees have started
falling golden yellow and crunchy under
your feet you look at your watch
it's three in the afternoon your date
should be here any minute now
moments later you hear the sound of
crunched dry leaves coming up behind you
you turn around and there she is the
woman of your dreams
not that you knew that yet today
in the year 2083 she's sitting right
next to you on the couch
watching the same fond memory with a
smile on her face
in the house you've both been living in
for years now
just you too and your dog here in 2021
the best you can do when you want to
relive old memories is
play a video on your phone you can't
literally
upload your memories online or even to a
hard drive
sure you might dream about it or maybe
watch a futuristic movie about it
why would anyone even want to upload
their brain
probably one of the worst feelings there
is is forgetting where you put something
remember that one time when you were
watching tv and your remote grew legs
and ran
off somewhere it's happened to everyone
under the couch
in the living room under the tv where on
earth is that remote
here's what happened you paused your
show because you felt hungry
and when you were about to throw the
remote on the couch it
dropped from your hand and you
accidentally kicked it under the couch
you say eh i'll pick it up later and you
go about your life
kitchen hungry sandwich nice you end up
forgetting all about the remote just
five minutes later
when you finally make your way back to
the living room you can't find the
remote
time to get on all fours and start the
dreaded search mission
if you could only upload your memory of
the past hour to your computer
or say a cloud account you'd soon find
out where that little guy ran off to
but what about going a step further what
if you could upload your memories
and every single piece of information
that's currently in your brain
to a digital format forever sounds like
a long time
and if your consciousness is uploaded to
an immortal device
you might become immortal too seasons
would go by endlessly
and the world would change beyond
recognition a few thousand years from
now
reality as we know it might be totally
different
i'm talking flying cars skyscrapers that
pierce through the clouds
roads that loop around each other like a
scene out of a sci-fi movie
cities would have to be built under
water because there's no more space on
land
say hello to your neighbor who is a
shark
being immortal means that you can watch
your life go by like it's a tv show
except it never gets cancelled an
infinite sitcom
and you're the star cast member forever
but then would it still be you would you
be in control of yourself
or would the computer you got uploaded
to dictate who you are
so you'd live forever but would it be
you
or a copy of you that didn't know it was
a copy
ideally you'd still be you no changes at
all
and you'd still control your own
thoughts the only thing that would
change is that
instead of living in an organism made
out of skin and organs and stuff
you'd be living inside a network or a
single hard drive
does that make you artificial
intelligence or are you still
a living organism it probably depends on
if you get your actual brain
somehow transplanted into a robot or if
your thoughts get downloaded onto a huge
flash drive
we might all live together on a new
planet called
the internet where virtual reality is
reality
what would that look like days and
nights would be a thing of the past
you spend every moment awake and active
too
since you don't have a body there's no
need to rest
time is pretty much pointless
the internet's probably changed almost
every second of your life
now everything is touch click done
that's because technology has evolved
and pushed itself more than we could
have ever imagined
so maybe uploading our literal selves to
a computer
or the internet is not such a crazy
futuristic idea
scientists are looking at ways to do
this right now
loads of different worlds could be
created for your pleasure
if you ever get uploaded if you like
space and you've always dreamed about
taking a spaceship to explore a new
planet
you could it would be just like those vr
boots
but with no headset since your
consciousness would already be there
all you'd need to do is walk through one
of those thousands of doors
and off you go on your new adventure you
open the door
and a bright light shoots out so bright
it blinds you
as soon as you're able to open your eyes
again there you are
in your new world you're riding a
spaceship to jupiter
a spaceship filled with everything
you've ever needed and desired
you've got a sweet tooth so of course
there's a cabinet filled with every
possible candy imaginable
it seems like it goes on forever
whatever you're in the mood for
just grab it and keep going back for
more there aren't cavities to worry
about when you're totally digital
everything else you need right there a
pool
you got it your favorite restaurant
there it is
you want to invite your buddy to tag
along no worries
send them an evite and they'll walk
through the same door as you
through the vast magnitude of space you
go in your enormous spaceship
with your buddy standing right next to
you
if you're more into fantasy and you want
to go to a land full of elves
well that's also possible it'd be like a
video game filled with npcs
but these guys won't just spit out a
couple of pre-planned lines
they'll be fully equipped with the
latest ai that's even capable of
emotions
imagine a vast land filled with elves
and a whole bunch of other creatures
picture minotaurs people with cat ears
and tails
even reptile people absolutely anything
is possible
this land is in need of a hero and you
who dropped out of nowhere have come to
save it
you're given superpowers based on your
personality if you love to swim
in this world you can control water and
make waves at will
so you can surf wherever you want to go
love planes now you can fly love burgers
yeah i got nothing you start in beginner
town
just like in every other fantasy rpg and
you get stronger as you go
at first you can only throw a few jets
of water
but as you set off on your adventure and
get more practice
the sky's the limit by the end of it
you'll be able to make entire rivers out
of nothing and throw them around in any
direction you want
if instead of action you're just trying
to relax
how about an island just for yourself
your own little bahama getaway there's a
little tablet that allows you to control
everything did you suddenly start
missing the winter holiday season
that's okay just a few taps and seconds
later and there you go
snow decorations holiday music and best
of all
no shoveling the driveway how about
a house in a volcano crater
ah don't worry you can control the
temperature so the lava wouldn't be that
hot
your little wooden cabin right in the
middle of the volcano is
perfectly safe you can have it float on
the liquid-hot magma
or levitate above it whatever you want
the lava could act just like water
so it'd even be safe to dive in for a
swim
just switch on your imagination pick a
door and have fun